Soviet Area and this soul egg!
Princess, what's wrong with you? Aren't you responsible for attacking the Emperor?
Why are you angry with the prince?
Su District, you are an idiot!
He couldn't even tell that his tightness was so obvious right now!
No wonder others poisoned you!
The princess must be careful what she says!
The prince doesn’t like hearing Zhongdu’s words very much!
I have to say it!
Even Naozi who was poisoned was dumbfounded!
So it’s too hard to tell good from bad and right from wrong!
Who is speaking ill of me?
What are you doing here? Don’t you think I betrayed you?
Then just say brother, brother, help me fix it!
Lian Longwang didn’t mean this
That's what I mean. I keep on running.
Listen to my explanation
It’s not that I don’t believe you, Lian Long
This is Wang Fei’s gift to you, brother.